Clarify an empty object in a VP Token cannot be used to signify an error response (#745)
openid/OpenID4VP: 1.1/openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_1.md

# Response {#response}

A VP Token is only returned if the corresponding Authorization Request contained a `dcql_query` parameter or a `scope` parameter representing a DCQL Query, as defined in (#vp_token_request).

The Wallet MUST return a VP Token only if it contains a set of

>   Presentations that satisfy the requirements of the DCQL query according to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Presentations that satisfy the requirements of the DCQL query according to
```

> A VP Token is only returned if the corresponding Authorization Request contained a `dcql_query` parameter or a `scope` parameter representing a DCQL Query (as defined in #vp_token_request).

Reviewer 2: Same rendering fix for 1.1:

```suggestion
A VP Token is only returned if the corresponding Authorization Request contained a `dcql_query` parameter or a `scope` parameter representing a DCQL Query, as defined in (#vp_token_request).
```

A VP Token is only returned if the corresponding Authorization Request contained a `dcql_query` parameter or a `scope` parameter representing a DCQL Query (as defined in #vp_token_request).

The Wallet MUST return a VP Token only if the set of Presentations represented

> by the VP Token satisfies the requirements of the DCQL query according to (#dcql_query_lang_processing_rules).

Reviewer 2: There's a gap/ambiguity here I think. If all the requested credentials are set as optional, returning no credentials satisfies the DCQL query, so you can/must return a VP Token. But then the rules below leave no VP Token that is valid to return.

When a VP Token is returned, the respective response includes the following parameters:

`vp_token`:
: REQUIRED. A JSON-encoded object subject to the following requirements:

  * Each key MUST be the `id` of a Credential Query in the DCQL query.

> 

Reviewer 3: we usually don't use empty lines in enumerations

Author: But we do also in this spec doc and if I remember correctly, this won't render nicely if it was removed.

Reviewer 3: I've created an issue for it: #762

  * Each value MUST be an array containing one or more Presentations matching
    the corresponding Credential Query.

  * When `multiple` is omitted or set to `false`, the array MUST contain exactly
    one Presentation.

  * The object MUST NOT contain an entry for an optional Credential Query when

>     there are no matching Credentials for that Credential Query.

Reviewer 3: This is hard to understand for me, is this repeating things from DCQL rules? Why "optional"?

Reviewer 3: I think this line is rather confusing and repeating DCQL rules

Author: I know that but it was there previously. Happy to remove it but on the WG call on July 2, we decided to keep it.

  * Each Presentation MUST be encoded as a string or object according to
    (#format_specific_parameters).

>   * The object MAY be empty only if the DCQL query can be satisfied without

Reviewer: Something like this might make it more clear imho?

```suggestion
  * The object MUST NOT be empty unless the DCQL query can be satisfied without
```

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  * The object MUST NOT be empty
```
i thought we discussed we don't want to allow empty

    returning any Presentation according to

>     (#dcql_query_lang_processing_rules).

Reviewer 2: There's missing words or something here. This isn't a sentence that makes sense.

A Wallet SHOULD NOT return any OpenID4VP protocol errors before obtaining End-User consent, when processing a request containing value matching (to avoid revealing values of claims without consent), or issuer selection (to avoid revealing that the End-User has a Credential from a particular authority). Additionally, the End-User consent protects against undetected, repeated requests to the Wallet.

### `wallet_unavailable` Authorization Error Response {#authorization_error_responsewith_the_wallet_unavailable_error_code}

In the event that another component is invoked instead of the Wallet, the End-User SHOULD be informed and give consent before the invoked component returns the `wallet_unavailable` Authorization Error Response to the Verifier.

### Digital Credential API Error Responses {#privacy-dc-api-error}

> Returning any OpenID4VP protocol error, regardless of content, can reveal additional information about the End-User’s underlying Credentials or Wallet in a way that is unique to the Digital Credentials API since reaching the Wallet can be dependent on a Wallet's ability to satisfy the request. For example, platform implementations could only allow Wallets to be selected that satisfy the request. In this case, OpenID4VP protocol error responses can only be returned by a selected Wallet and would therefore reveal that the End-User is in possession of Credentials that satisfy the request. This is in contrast to other engagement methods, in which the Wallet receives the request before learning if it can be fulfilled. What is revealed by a Wallet in those cases depends on how each individual Wallet processes the request.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Returning any OpenID4VP protocol error, regardless of content, can reveal additional information about the End-User’s underlying Credentials or Wallet in a way that is unique to the Digital Credentials API since reaching the Wallet can be dependent on a Wallet's ability to satisfy the request. For example, platform implementations could allow only Wallets that satisfy the request to be selected. In this case, OpenID4VP protocol error responses can only be returned by a selected Wallet and would therefore reveal that the End-User is in possession of Credentials that satisfy the request. This is in contrast to other engagement methods, in which the Wallet receives the request before learning if it can be fulfilled. What is revealed by a Wallet in those cases depends on how each individual Wallet processes the request.
```
